BZ1982072: non-contiguous upgrades are not supported. (#39789)
openshift/openshift-docs: updating/understanding-upgrade-channels-release.adoc

If you do not want the Cluster Version Operator to fetch available updates from the upgrade recommendation service, you can use the `oc adm upgrade channel` command in the OpenShift CLI to configure an empty channel. This configuration can be helpful if, for example, a cluster has restricted network access and there is no local, reachable upgrade recommendation service.

[WARNING]

> ====

Reviewer: I think that you might want to use "might" instead of "can" in this sentence. 

IBM SG regarding "can": Use to indicate ability. Use instead of "could". To indicate possibility, use "might". To indicate permission, use "may".

Author: Addressed

Red Hat does not support non-contiguous versions. Upgrading to non-contiguous version might cause problems in the cluster.

> ====

Reviewer 2: We should a different language to what we want to communicate here. We should say  what RH recommends (i.e. customers should upgrade to recommended versions as suggested by OpenShift update service). And upgrading directly to 4.y+2.z will not guarantee the backward compatibility as RH does not test it.

> ====

Author: Addressed the change. Please let me know if any other changes are required

> ====

Reviewer 3: Hmm, i'm not sure if `contiguous versions` here will bring misunderstanding. Should it be a `x.y to x.y+1`, or a `x.y.z to x.y.z+1`? And according to lala's comment, we should emphasis the recommended versions by osus. So if we want to add this note here, how about "Red Hat recommends upgrade to versions suggested by Openshift Update Service. For minor version upgrade, it should be contiguous versions(from x.y to x.y+1), and upgrading to non-contiguous version will not guarantee the backward compatibility as RH does not test it."?

> ====

Author: @jiajliu I have incorporated suggested changes as per the IBM style guide. Can you please check if it looks good now?

> ====

Reviewer 3: lgtm

> Red Hat reccomends contiguous versions. Upgrading to non-contiguous version will not guarantee the backward compatibility as RH does not test it.

Reviewer 4: Most of this is just style guide stuff. Also suggested adding "only" to make the recommendation a bit more clear, but obviously I defer to the SMEs here on this :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
Red Hat recommends upgrading to contiguous versions only. Red Hat does not test upgrades to noncontiguous versions and cannot guarantee compatibility with earlier versions.
```
